TOPIC
    about_ceip

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    VMware's Customer Experience Improvement Program ("CEIP") provides VMware
    with information that enables VMware to improve its products and services
    and to fix problems.

LONG DESCRIPTION
    VMware's Customer Experience Improvement Program ("CEIP") provides VMware
    with information that enables VMware to improve its products and services
    and to fix problems.  When you choose to participate in CEIP, VMware will
    collect technical information listed below about your use of the VMware
    products and services in CEIP reports on a regular basis.  This information
    does not personally identify you.

I. Configuration Data
    Data about how you have configured VMware products and services and related
    environment information. Examples of Configuration Data include version
    information for VMware products, product environment information, and
    product configuration settings.  Configuration Data may include obfuscated
    versions of your device IDs and MAC and Internet Protocol addresses.

II. Feature Usage Data
    Data about how you use VMware products and services.  Examples of Feature
    Usage Data include details about which product features you use and metrics
    of user interface activity.

III. Performance Data
    Data about the performance of VMware products and services. Examples of
    Performance Data include metrics of the performance and scale of VMware
    products and services, response times for user interfaces, and details about
    your API calls.
    VMware collects the above CEIP reporting information in connection with a
    unique CEIP instance identifier that is stored on your device and which does
    not personally identify you.  This identifier enables VMware to distinguish
    one report from another.
    You can join or leave the program at any time by running:
    Set-PowerCLIConfiguration -Scope User -ParticipateInCEIP $true or $false

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (C) VMware, Inc. All rights reserved. Protected by one or more
    U.S. Patents listed at http://www.vmware.com/go/patents.

