TOPIC
    about_runasync_help

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    Specifying the RunAsync parameter indicates that the command is invoked
    asynchronously. In this mode, the command returns immediately without
    waiting for the task to complete and the output is a Task object.

LONG DESCRIPTION
    By default, PowerCLI cmdlets return only after completion of the requested
    tasks. If you want the cmdlet to return immediately, without waiting for the
    tasks to complete, you can specify the RunAsync parameter. In this case, the
    cmdlet returns Task objects instead of its usual output. The Status property
    of a returned Task object contains a snapshot of the task initial state.
    This state is not automatically updated and has one of the following values
    - Error, Queued, Running, and Success. To refresh the task status, pass the
    Task object to the Get-Task cmdlet. To interrupt a running task, use the
    Stop-Task cmdlet. If you want to observe the progress of a running task and
    wait for its completion before initiating other commands, use the Wait-Task
    cmdlet.

EXAMPLE 1:  RUNNING REMOVE-VM WITH AND WITHOUT THE RUNASYNC PARAMETER.
    # The command returns without an output when all virtual machines
    # stored in the $vmList variable are removed (simultaneously or not).
    Remove-VM $vmList
    
    #The command returns immediately and the output is one or more Task objects.
    Remove-VM $vmList -RunAsync

    In PowerCLI,  the RunAsync parameter affects only the cmdlets invocation and
    does not control whether the initiated tasks run consecutively or in
    parallel. For example, the virtual machines passed to the Remove-VM cmdlet
    might be removed simultaneously or consecutively depending on the PowerCLI
    internal design.
    To make sure that tasks initiated by a cmdlet do not run in parallel, run
    the cmdlet in a loop, each time applying it to a single object.

EXAMPLE 2: REMOVING VIRTUAL MACHINES CONSECUTIVELY.
    foreach ($vm in $vmList){
       Remove-VM $vm1
    }

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright (C) VMware, Inc. All rights reserved. Protected by one or more
    U.S. Patents listed at http://www.vmware.com/go/patents.

